Add how to fix out-of-date warning to reviewer guideline (#88)
OpenTermsArchive/docs: content/guidelines/reviewing.en.md

7. Verify the version of the document in the contribution tool by clicking on the _Verify version_ button.
8. Ensure that all checks generated by the OTA-bot are manually checked.
9. When you confirm that the term contribution has been made to the correct collection, proceed to add a review.

> ## Merging the Pull Request

Reviewer: This title phrasing is inconsistent with the others (here, +ing, while others are “how to…”).

I also wonder if the paragraph would not be better placed _after_ the “how to review” (and “how to make change”) sections, since one would merge after reviewing and updating 🙂

Author: I agree.

Author: I have added the `fixing out of date warning`  section right after the `making changes to ...` section. The both titles seems consistent with each other at the moment, which is why i left it as-is (I can change it if it doesn't make sense, but I also wanted to share that the two titles were written in the present continuous tense because, an action in progress is being emphasized)

> Status checks are required to pass before merging can take place. This ensures that the Continuous Integration (CI) is completed successfully before merging the changes into the protected branch (main).

Reviewer: > This might be a bit too much detail, maybe we can reduce the technicality for reviewers:
```suggestion
Status checks are required to pass before merging can take place. This ensures that automated tests ( through “Continuous Integration”, or CI) confirm the contribution will be readable by the Open Terms Archive engine.
```

> An additional restriction requires branches to be up to date before merging. This ensures that the pull requests have been tested with the latest code before merging in the protected branch. This usually appears as a "This branch is out-of-date with the base branch" warning on a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An additional restriction requires branches to be up to date before merging. This ensures that the contribution has been tested with the latest version of the collection. This appears as a _“This branch is out-of-date with the base branch”_ warning on a pull request.
```

> You can fix this using the Github interface, by clicking on the arrow button next to your `Update Branch` button, and select "Update with Rebase".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can fix this using the Github interface, by clicking on the arrow button next to the `Update Branch` button, and select "Update with Rebase".
```

7. Verify the version of the document in the contribution tool by clicking on the _Verify version_ button.
8. Ensure that all checks generated by the OTA-bot are manually checked.
9. When you confirm that the term contribution has been made to the correct collection, proceed to add a review.

> 10. Merge the contribution

Reviewer: Every other sentence had a full stop, let's keep punctuation consistent 🙂 

```suggestion
10. Merge the contribution.
```

In some special cases, the correction may have to do with the service name. Such changes modify the branch name, hence, creating a new pull request instead of updating the initial pull request as their names are now different. In any case, it's always important to let the contributor know about any changes or corrections you make to their contribution.

## Merging the Pull Request

> Status checks are required to pass before merging can take place. This ensures that automated tests ( through “Continuous Integration”, or CI) confirm the contribution will be readable by the Open Terms Archive engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status checks are required to pass before merging can take place. This ensures that automated tests (through “Continuous Integration”, or CI) confirm the contribution will be readable by the Open Terms Archive engine.
```

An additional restriction requires branches to be up to date before merging. This ensures that the contribution has been tested with the latest version of the collection. This appears as a _“This branch is out-of-date with the base branch”_ warning on a pull request.

> You can fix this using the Github interface, by clicking on the arrow button next to the `Update Branch` button, and select "Update with Rebase".

Reviewer: Let's use a consistent markup for the button names 🙂 
```suggestion
You can fix this using the Github interface, by clicking on the arrow button next to the “Update Branch” button, and select “Update with Rebase”.
```
